# DrugReviewSentimentAnalysis
Accurately predicting drug efficacy can help ensure that the most effective drugs are prescribed to patients. This can lead to improved treatment outcomes and better patient care. While clinical trials provide critical information about the effectiveness of a drug, they are often expensive, time-consuming, and may not fully capture the experience of patients using the drug in real-world settings. On the other hand, patient-reported outcomes, such as reviews and ratings, can provide valuable insights into drug efficacy and help personalize treatment. In this paper, we explore the use of natural language processing (NLP) techniques to extract relevant information from patient reviews and ultimately predict drug efficacy. We apply the Knowledge Discovery in Database (KDD) methodology to process the data and then investigate the effectiveness of various data mining models: Random Forests, Naive Bayes and K-Nearest Neighbours. The models’ performance is evaluated on a realworld dataset, ”UCI ML Drug Review”, obtained by crawling the pharmacology website Drugs.com. In our study we evaluated the models’ performance on two distinct tasks: categorizing the sentiment of reviews as positive or negative and classifying drug rating scores on a scale of 1-10. Our findings indicate that Random Forests outperformed the other models in both cases, achieving a high accuracy rate of more than 90% for binary classification and 75% for multi-class classification. Index Terms—Data Mining, Random Forests, Naive Bayes, KNearest Neighbours, Sentiment analysis
